A ***function*** requirements is something the product must do (p.10)
- **Example**: The product shall produce an updated schedule when a truck's status changes.
A ***nonfunctional*** requirement is a quality (a property) that the product must have (p. 10)
- **Example**: The product shall produce this amended schedule in less than 0.25 seconds.
A ***constraint*** is a restriction placed on project or eventual design on the product (p. 10)
- **Example1**: The product shall be available at the beginning of the new tax year.
- **Example2**: The product should operate on an iPad.

The ***SCROPE*** - is that part of the business that will change when you install the product you intend to build.
We model the scope in a **Context Diagram** (Simple Model).

Step 1. Agree on the project’s scope
- What is the scope of the work (the processing activity and
information that your product will support)?
- The scope is that part of the business that will change when you
install the product you intend to build.
- Model the scope in a Context Diagram

***Adjacent Systems*** are automated or human systems that receive data or services from your work activity **and/or** supply data or services to your work.

***Step2:***
- Identify the ***Stakeholder***.
Why do we care?
- Because the Stakeholders are a source of requirements! If you don't find all the Stakeholders, you'll miss some requirements .

***Step3:***
- What are the business goals?
***RISK***: "You must come to the correct understanding of the requirements and have your clients agree with them, or your product will be seriously deficient."

***Risk Reduction:***
1. Scope (with context diagram),
2. Identify stakeholders with requirements/constraints for the
product, and
3. Understand the business goals
R&R subtitle: “getting requirements right” has it right!

