***Context Diagram:***
- Software product you will build is within & part of the work's scope.
- Each arrow is a data flow event (input or output) from/to an adjacent system in the work's context.
- Data triggers the work, and perhaps the software, to do something.

***Business & Product Use Cases:***
1. Scope the work to be done by partitioning it into the use cases.
2. Use case: unit of functionality
3. Use case diagram is a summary of the use cases
4. Business use case: response of the work to a business event
	- Example: Truck Depot reports a problem with a truck.
	- Used in out-sourcing: client does Business Use Case...

**Product use case:**
- the part of the business use case handled by the automated system (the software product).
**Product use case diagram shows:**
- boundary between actors & software product to be built (rectangle).
- product use cases (ellipses).
- usage (lines).
- actors: people or adjacent systems that interact with software product.

***Product Use Case Diagram:***
**Advantages:**
- High-level & informal model helps in discovering & reaching agreement on clients needs.
- Popular & easy to prompt discussion of requirements with stakeholders. 
- Some regulators require them.
- Helps in planning: builds, tests, prototypes, changes.
**Limitations:**
- Some functional requirements will be missing.
- From users' perspective, so internal processing requirements no included.
- Most non-functional requirements & constraints will be missing.
**Solution:**
- Use simple use case diagram, together with Functional Requirements.
